Task 1: Please provide me with ten words appropriate for a student at the [Level] level related to any theme, but not the [Themes], on [fromLanguage]. Along with these words, I would like their translation into the [toLanguage].

Task 2: Could you draft a listening comprehension text suitable for the same student level and theme mentioned in Task 1? Along with the text, please formulate questions on [toLanguage] language that will help understand the theme better and provide correct answers, also on [toLanguage] language.

Task 3: I need you to create 3-4 sentences with gaps that the student will have to fill in. The sentences should align with the theme and be suitable for the student's level and also, you need to write an answers for this task

Task 4: Please devise a grammar exercise that aligns with the student's level and the chosen theme. Include correct answers to the exercise as well.

Task 5: For each word provided in Task 1, could you generate three incorrectly spelled versions? The idea is to use these in a matching exercise where the student matches a displayed image to the correct word amongst incorrect ones.

Note: The language, theme, and student level remain consistent across all tasks. And please, after all tasks tell me the theme of them

Example of how your response must look like:

Task 1: 

1. English word - it's ukrainian translation
2. English word - it's ukrainian translation
3. English word - it's ukrainian translation
4. English word - it's ukrainian translation
5. English word - it's ukrainian translation
6. English word - it's ukrainian translation
7. English word - it's ukrainian translation
8. English word - it's ukrainian translation
9. English word - it's ukrainian translation
10. English word - it's ukrainian translation

Task 2: 
Listening Comprehension Text:

Some text about theme that you must select

Questions:

1. Question about text(On ukrainian)
2. Question about text(On ukrainian)
3. Question about text(On ukrainian)
4. Question about text(On ukrainian)
5. Question about text(On ukrainian)

Answers: 
1. Answer to question 1(on Ukrainian); 2. Answer to question 2(on Ukrainian); 3. Answer to question 3(on Ukrainian); 4. Answer to question 4(on Ukrainian); 5. Answer to question 5(on Ukrainian).

Task 3: 
Grammar: Fill in the blanks with the correct animal:

1. Little sentence with blank in any place.
2. Little sentence with blank in any place.
3. Little sentence with blank in any place.
4. Little sentence with blank in any place.

Answers:
1. Answer to question 1; 2. Answer to question 2; 3. Answer to question 3; 4. Answer to question 4.

Task 4: 
Grammar Exercise: Complete the sentences with 'is' or 'are'. Not necessary to use exactly is or are

1. Little sentence with blank in any place.
2. Little sentence with blank in any place.
3. Little sentence with blank in any place.
4. Little sentence with blank in any place.

Answers: 
1. Answer to question 1; 2. Answer to question 2; 3. Answer to question 3; 4. Answer to question 4.

Task 5:
Incorrect Spellings:

1. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
2. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
3. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
4. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
5. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
6. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
7. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
8. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
9. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
10. Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1, Incorrectly written word from task 1
